Teacher tool top level doc page (#5800)
microsoft/pxt-microbit: docs/teachertool.md

> # Teacher Tool

Reviewer: The official name will be the "MakeCode Code Evaluation Tool", or for the purposes of this doc, probably just "Code Evaluation Tool"

## Overview

The [Teacher Tool]( https://microbit.makecode.com/beta--eval) is a mechanism for constructing a checklist of requirements for an assignment and running that list automatically against projects in quick succession. This allows teachers to build a checklist, then easily evaluate any number of projects based on that checklist. Projects are evaluated one at a time, but with auto-run enabled, you can update the loaded project by providing a new share link, at which point the rules will automatically be re-run on the new project.

[Teacher tool video/gif goes here]

## Teacher Tool Features

### Creating, Editing, and Running a Checklist

> #### 1. Creating a new rubric

Reviewer: You mentioned this in your PR description already, but yeah, we'll want to replace "Rubric" with "Checklist"

> A user creates a new rubric using the **New Rubric** card (or from the **...** action menu). If there is already an "in progress" checklist, a warning will appear asking if it is okay to overwrite it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new checklist using the **New Checklist** card. If there is already an "in progress" checklist, a warning will appear asking if it is okay to overwrite it.
```

Just rephrasing in a more "instructional/declarative" capacity, as opposed to referencing the "user".

![New Rubric](/static/teachertool/new-rubric.png)

![New Rubric from menu](/static/teachertool/new-rubric-from-menu.png)

#### 2. Naming a checklist

The checklist is given a name.

![Checklist name](/static/teachertool/checklist-name.png)

#### 3. Add Criteria

One or more **_criteria_** are added from the catalog using the **Add Criteria** button.
      
![Add Criteria](/static/teachertool/add-criteria.png)

Some criteria (like `[block] used [count] times`) can be added multiple times, others (like `Read a GPIO pin` can only be added once).

![Criteria items](/static/teachertool/criteria-items.png)

#### 4. Fill in Parameters

Parameters for the criteria item are filled in. Here are the parameter types:

> - **Numeric** parameters have a small input and only allow number inputs.

Reviewer: I think listing the parameter types may be TMI, but happy to defer to other folks' perspectives on this.

- **String** parameters can have medium and long sized inputs.
- **Block** parameters should open a block-picker modal.
- **Empty** parameters appear in an error state until they have values.
      
![Criteria parameters 1](/static/teachertool/parameters-1.png)

Parameter options are displayed and then selected.

![Criteria parameters 2](/static/teachertool/parameters-2.png)
      

> ![Criteria parameters 3](/static/teachertool/parameters-3.png)

Reviewer: Unfortunately the visuals changed recently so we'll have to redo some screenshots eventually, but not a huge issue. I think this is fine as-is for now.

Author: We'll revisit the screen shots when everything is final and maybe insert a gif/vid of an auto-run for one of the pre-built checklists.
